I think one way to make sure that everybody has a voice is as a leader
specifically is to have an open door policy and to really mean it.
Um Toe have make opportunities to speak to everyone, maybe even in private,
so that they don't feel embarrassed sharing what it is. Um,
that's one way to do it. Some. I've seen some places where they have
put in suggestion boxes. They're locked up and they actually go through
those suggestion boxes and talk about it, and it just creates an
environment of collaboration. And then also, when is a good idea that's
utilized or something that's been taken from one of those suggestions
to give that person the credit and making sure that their everybody
knows that they're the result of that good thing happening.